Document Client side aggregation (#174)
DataDog/dogstatsd-csharp-client: README.md

On MacOS Mojave, setting more than `2048` bytes for `StatsdMaxUnixDomainSocketPacketSize` is experimental.

## Client side aggregation

By default, metrics for basic types (gauges, counts, sets) are aggregated before they are sent. For example, instead of sending 3 times `my_metric:10|c|#tag1:value`, DogStatsD client sends `my_metric:30|c|#tag1:value` once. 

> For more technical details about how client-side aggregation works see #134.

Reviewer: What is `#131` in this context?

Author: #134 is the link to the PR that introduced client side aggregation. 
Note: Github will create a full link from `#134`

Enabling client-side aggregation has the benefit of reducing the network usage and also reducing the load for DogStatsD server (Datadog Agent).

> When an application sends a lot of different contexts but each context appear with a very low frequency, then enabling client-side aggregation may take more memory and more CPU. A context identifies a metric name, a tag sets and a metric type. The metric `datadog.dogstatsd.client.aggregated_context` reported by DogStatsD C# client counts the number of contexts in memory used for client-side aggregation. There is also the metric `datadog.dogstatsd.client.metrics_by_type` that represents the number of metrics submitted by the client before aggregation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an application sends a lot of different contexts but each context appears with a very low frequency, enabling client-side aggregation may take more memory and more CPU. A context identifies a metric name, a tag set and a metric type. The metric `datadog.dogstatsd.client.aggregated_context` reported by DogStatsD C# client counts the number of contexts in memory used for client-side aggregation. There is also the metric `datadog.dogstatsd.client.metrics_by_type` that represents the number of metrics submitted by the client before aggregation. 
```

### Configuration

> The aggregation window is 2s by default and can be changed through [FlushInterval](https://github.com/DataDog/dogstatsd-csharp-client/blob/7.0.0/src/StatsdClient/ClientSideAggregationConfig.cs#L18). Note that the aggregation window on the Agent side is 10s for DogStatsD metrics. So for example, setting an aggregation window of 3s in the client produces a spike in your dashboard every 30s for counts metrics (as the third 10s bucket on the Agent is received 4 samples from the client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aggregation window is two seconds by default and can be changed using the [FlushInterval](https://github.com/DataDog/dogstatsd-csharp-client/blob/7.0.0/src/StatsdClient/ClientSideAggregationConfig.cs#L18). Note that the aggregation window on the Agent side is 10 seconds for DogStatsD metrics. For example, setting an aggregation window of 3s in the client produces a spike in your dashboard every 30s for counts metrics (as the third 10s bucket on the Agent is received 4 samples from the client).
```
The link needs to be changed to a number and added to the bottom of the file.

Author: Out of curiosity, what are the pros of using a number versus what I did?

Author: @apigirl : Should I change all the links in the REAMDE.md or is it OK to keep `text](link)` syntax?

> To disable client-side aggregation set [ClientSideAggregation](https://github.com/DataDog/dogstatsd-csharp-client/blob/7.0.0/src/StatsdClient/StatsdConfig.cs#L141) to `null`.

Reviewer: same link feedback
